src/blogs/2018-10-31 2018 October Update/index.md, before:

---

path: "/2018-Oct-Update"

date: "2018-10-31"

title: "desktopofsamuel.com October Update"

tags: ["Work In Progress", "gatsby"]

image: "./2018-Oct.png"

---

It was a challenging yet rewarding period in the last two months. I have set up the bare-bones structure of my personal site, yet it was a long way until perfect. Without much resources on the Internet, coming up with a decent design and functional website is a long learning process. In the last two months, I have managed to: 

- Revamped landing page with new design and content. I have added my service section and an about section with [React Simple Map](http://react-simple-maps.io) as background (but it could function so much more)
- Revamped work page design. The section background is dynamic now to match every projects' brand color (manually input from the markdown files).
- Added mobile navigation and animation with some icons that I drew.
- Added 404 Page. One small step for man, one giant leap for mankind.
- Added [Work Category Page](http://localhost:8000/categories/ui-ux-design), each service can be viewed individually with relevant projects
- Enhanced landing page experience by cool reveal animation using [React-Reveal](https://www.react-reveal.com/)
- Enhanced scroll animation using [React Anchor Link Smooth Scroll](https://github.com/mauricevancooten/react-anchor-link-smooth-scroll) when you click Get In Touch on landing page
- Enhanced blog reading experience especially with code block. Code will highlight according to the language using [Gatsby-Remark-PrismicJS](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/packages/gatsby-remark-prismjs/)
- Enhanced footer design by replacing the author component, also added social media links and contact access.
- Fixed related post referenced to [Gatsby Material Starter](https://github.com/Vagr9K/gatsby-material-starter/blob/master/gatsby-node.js) node.js
- Fixed code block overflow problem in blog
- Fixed Footer Width Problem
- Fixed Tag & Category with multiple words in slug using [kebabCase](https://lodash.com/docs#kebabCase)

Commit message:

Fix - Add Blog Feature Image in Blog Post Template

src/blogs/2018-10-31 2018 October Update/index.md, after:

---

path: "/2018-Oct-Update"

date: "2018-10-31"

title: "desktopofsamuel.com October Update"

tags: ["Work In Progress", "gatsby"]

image: "./2018-Oct.png"

---

It was a challenging yet rewarding period in the last two months. I have set up the bare-bones structure of my personal site, yet it was a long way until perfect. Without much resources on the Internet, coming up with a decent design and functional website is a long learning process. In the last two months, I have managed to: 

- Revamped landing page with new design and content. I have added my service section and an about section with [React Simple Map](http://react-simple-maps.io) as background (but it could function so much more)
- Revamped work page design. The section background is dynamic now to match every projects' brand color (manually input from the markdown files).
- Added mobile navigation and animation with some icons that I drew.
- Added 404 Page. One small step for man, one giant leap for mankind.
- Added [Work Category Page](http://localhost:8000/categories/ui-ux-design), each service can be viewed individually with relevant projects
- Enhanced landing page experience by cool reveal animation using [React-Reveal](https://www.react-reveal.com/)
- Enhanced scroll animation using [React Anchor Link Smooth Scroll](https://github.com/mauricevancooten/react-anchor-link-smooth-scroll) when you click Get In Touch on landing page
- Enhanced blog reading experience especially with code block. Code will highlight according to the language using [Gatsby-Remark-PrismicJS](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/packages/gatsby-remark-prismjs/)
- Enhanced footer design by replacing the author component, also added social media links and contact access.
- All blog posts have a feature image now on the top
- Fixed related post referenced to [Gatsby Material Starter](https://github.com/Vagr9K/gatsby-material-starter/blob/master/gatsby-node.js) node.js
- Fixed code block overflow problem in blog
- Fixed Footer Width Problem
- Fixed Tag & Category with multiple words in slug using [kebabCase](https://lodash.com/docs#kebabCase)
